[home](/home) | [release notes](/docs/releasenotes)

#  Release notes

***3 Oct 2017*** - v2.1 released

### Description of change

The `/bankaccount` API, as a part of the product demonstration evaluation, is intended to replicate legacy API's that are used within the British Library and to simulate similar functional requirements and behaviours. In order to ensure that the vendor submissions can support this style of interface, the `/bankaccount` API for v1 and v2 have been changed to and the JSON endpoints have been withdrawn.

### Detailed change log

- Updates to `/api/v1` and `/api/v2` to remove JSON responses from the `/bankaccount` service. See [v2.1 release notes](/docs/releasenotes/v2.1)
  - `/api/v1/bankaccount/200415.json` removed. Future access will result in `404 Not Found` responses.
  - `/api/v1/bankaccount/200415/38290008.json` removed. Future access will result in `404 Not Found` responses.
  - `/api/v2/bankaccount/200415.json` removed. Future access will result in `404 Not Found` responses.
  - `/api/v2/bankaccount/200415/38290008.json` removed. Future access will result in `404 Not Found` responses.
- Update to `/api/v2` of `/bankaccount` to return a of `content-type text/xml` to better replicate an internal live legacy system's behaviour 
- `/catalogue` - no changes
- `/identity` - no changes
- `make test` improved to cover HTTP response codes and Content-Type tests

**The API endpoints have not been changed.  No other changes have been made to the other API's**

The `/bankaccount` API was intended to replicate legacy API's that are used within the British Library, and to simulate the similar functional requirements and behaviours. A clarification question over the way the /bankaccount API behaved allowed the BL to re-examine the reason for this style of API this  it was felt that the way it was implemented did not replicate the type of legacy systems API’s we have. In order to ensure that the vendor submissions can support this style of interface, the content-type headers corrected to replicate the internal legacy API.

In addition, there was a an earlier clarification from a vendor relating to this feature and it the response was:

For the purposes of this demonstration, [the British Library] wanted to provide a series of JSON only interfaces and XML only service interfaces. This is so we can check and compare that that the client / consuming systems can support both formats. The [bankaccount] service was not intended to be polymorphic.

In order to maintain this earlier answer, the `.json` feature has been withdrawn from `/api/v2`.


### Detailed change log
- `/bankaccount` ONLY supports XML responses
  - Removed `.json` to the URI on both v1 and v2 API's
- `/bankaccount` response header `content-type` changed to `text/xml`
- `/catalogue` - no changes
- `/identity` - no changes
